ever since I'm beat Serta I've been
living the high life because now carry
gaming HD I challenge you for cheap and
reliable coins go two-foot coins express
in the description below and use the
discount code Nico for 5% off welcome
back guys and we are playing another
pink slips as I have won my first game
now so it will only get better from here
I am pink slipping and nother
international man of the match this time
it's a you I am playing carry gaming HD
he's a good youtuber so go check his
channel out and yes
let's go oh my look at his team I walk
over that he makes terrible he hasn't
even got his shiny golds in there
he still hasn't press next yet I don't
care about players or friends we get on
with the game bang oh no no I hate
corners I hate them penalty come on
okay now someone get the head on this
someone oh come on
face face finish this a good rebound one
boom yes brilliant yes Wow
Oh không có get out no joking 3-1 okay
we're gonna move out now we're going
alter attacking please there we go there
we go
tipping three two come on please
get back in please oh come on oh are you
joking what a bad time to blow your
whistle right guys here's his player
I'll put a on that yet again I've lost I
will find the reason why I'm losing
games this isn't me thanks watching the
video guys if you liked it leave a like
and make sure you comment because I need
your feedback I need your feedback make
me strong and yeah goodbye